---
layout: widget
title:  "SRA Element"
date:   2018-09-26 08:40:00 -0500
categories: widgets
code:
  html: |

    <or-sra sra="#SRA_ENDPOINT#" feeRecipient="#FEE_RECIPIENT_ADDRESS#">
      Your content goes here
    </or-sra>
  npm:
    "@openrelay/sra-element"
---

The `<or-sra>` element extends the [`<or-web3>`](./or-web3.html) element with
properties specific to 0x trading. The `<or-sra>` element includes all of the
functionality of the `<or-web3>` tag, so you do not need both at the same time.
Certain widgets will require an `<or-sra>` as an ancestor, but widgets that
require an `<or-web3>` ancestor can have that need met by an `<or-sra>`
ancestor.

The `<or-sra>` tag provides its children with information about the 0x Relayer
and the 0x Exchange contract. Any time those properties change, they will be
automatically propagated to their children.


#### API

##### HTML Attributes

* `sra` *[default=https://api.openrelay.xyz]* &mdash; The Standard Relayer API endpoint.
* `feeRecipient` *[default=0xfaec02c3474b1a1c553eddf3df27946643cc7122]* &mdash; The feeRecipient address to associcate with orders.
* `sender` *[default=0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000]* &mdash; The sender who must submit orders to be filled.

##### Events

See the [`<or-web3>`](./or-web3.html) element for additional events.

###### Incoming Events

* `sra-child` &mdash; An event emitted when a child element is registered. The
  event must include an attribute `e.detail.element` indicating the newly added
  element. The `<or-sra>` element will respond with a `sra-ready` event, and
  will notify the registered element on future sra changes.

###### Outgoing Events

None of the following events are emitted directly from the `<or-sra>` tag.
Instead, the `<or-sra>` tag triggers them directly on one or more registered
child elements.

* `sra-ready` &mdash; Fired when SRA details are confirmed and available. The
  event includes the following details:
  * `sra`: The standard relayer API endpoint to use
  * `feeRecipient`: The fee recipient address to use for new orders
  * `exchangeAddress`: The exchange address to use for new orders
  * `feeTokenAddress`: The ZRX token address for this network
  * `erc20ProxyAddress`: The ERC20 token transfer proxy for this exchange
  * `wethAddress`: The wrapped ether contract address for this networks
  * `epoch`: The epoch for the connected user.
