---
layout: widget
title:  "Web3 Element"
date:   2018-09-26 08:00:00 -0500
categories: widgets
code:
  html: |

    <or-web3>
      This will be displayed on properly configured <strong>web3</strong> clients.

      <div slot="noweb3">
        This will be displayed on clients that do not support <strong>web3</strong>
      </div>

      <div slot="locked">
        This will be displayed when <strong>web3</strong> is present, but no
        user account is available.
      </div>
      <div slot="netunsupported">
        This will be displayed when <strong>web3</strong> is present and
        unlocked, but using an unsupported network.
      </div>
      <!--
        Here we can list the network IDs of supported networks.

        If no elements with slot="net" are listed, all networks are supported
      -->
      <div slot="net">1</div>
      <div slot="net">42</div>
    </or-web3>
  npm:
    "@openrelay/web3-element"
---

At the top level of any dApp built with OpenRelay's widgets, you'll find the
`<or-web3>` tag. It provides two primary functions:

#### Managing browser support

In dApps, we need to make sure client browsers support Web3. The `<or-web3>`
tag manages web3 detection, and renders different content depending on the
state of Web3. It lets the page author use [Shadow DOM Slots](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_templates_and_slots#Adding_flexibility_with_slots) to designate content to show. The slots are as follows:

* **noweb3** &mdash; Web3 is not present
* **locked** &mdash; The web3 client is locked
* **netunsupported** &mdash; The user is connected to an unsupported network
* **[default]** &mdash; All the necessary conditions are met. The default slot
  is not specified by a tag; any content not in a specifically designated slot
  tag are considered part of the default slot.

The content of slots can be arbitrary HTML, allowing you to style the content
as you see fit, and provide your users with instructions on how to configure
their web3 client to work with your dApp.

The `<or-web3>` tag uses an additional slot, the **net** slot, to designate
which networks are supported by your dApp. If your dApp should work with any
Ethereum network, you don't need to designate any net slots. If your dApp is
dependent on contracts on specific networks, you should designate the supported
network with **net** slots (you can list as many as you need). If your user's
client is connected to a network not listed in your **net** slots, the content
of the **netunsupported** slot will be displayed. The content of the **net**
slots themselves will never be rendered to a user.

#### Connecting Child Elements to the Web3 Client

Almost all other widgets in the OpenRelay widget toolkit are dependent on Web3
in one way or another. Managing Web3 clients in each widget can get very
tedious, so we've moved that responsibility into the `<or-web3>` tag.

When an element based on our toolkit is inserted into the page, it emits an
event that will be picked up by the first `<or-web3>` tag in that tags
ancestry. That tells the `<or-web3>` tag that this element needs a web3 object,
and will need to be notified if the web3 object changes in the future.

The `<or-web3>` tag will detect changes in:

* Web3 availability
* Lock / Unlock status
* Selected networks
* Selected accounts

When these properties change, the will be communicated to child elements by
emitting events.

Additionally, the `<or-web3>` tag can be use to monitor for new blocks. Rather
than having each widget monitor for changes on the blockchain independently,
the `<or-web3>` tag can monitor for new blocks and notify child elements every
time a new block is mined, so that child elements need only check their state
on block boundaries.

#### API

Unless you are developing your own widgets, you don't need to worry about the
following API. The widgets that ship with OpenRelay's toolkit use these APIs,
but you don't need to interact directly with these APIs to use existing
widgets.


##### Events

The `<or-web3>` tag uses several events to communicate with other DOM elements.

###### Incoming Events

* `web3-child` &mdash; An event emitted when a child element is registered. The
  event must include an attribute `e.detail.element` indicating the newly added
  element. The `<or-web3>` element will respond with a `web3-ready` event, and
  will notify the registered element on future web3 changes.
* `set-web3` &mdash; This event can be triggered in JavaScript to inject a
  specific web3 object. The event must include an attribute `e.detail.web3`
  indicating the web3 object to be used for this element and its children. This
  can be used to override the default use of `window.web3` and
  `window.ethereum`.
* `subscribe-block` &mdash; This event is emitted when a child element wishes
  to subscribe to new block notifications. The event must include an attribute
  `e.detail.element`, which is the element that will be notified when new
  blocks are mined. When the `<or-web3>` tag detects its first
  `subscribe-block` event, it begins checking for new blocks at regular
  intervals.

###### Outgoing Events

None of the following events are emitted directly from the `<or-web3>` tag.
Instead, the `<or-web3>` tag triggers them directly on one or more registered
child elements.

* `web3-ready` &mdash; Fired when web3 is confirmed to be available. The web3
  object is available at `e.detail.web3`.
* `web3-network` &mdash; Fired when the web3 network has changed. The network
  ID is available at `e.detail.network`.
* `web3-account` &mdash; Fired when the web3 object's primary account has
  changed. the account address is available at `e.detail.account`.
